TODO.md, before:

# To Do

- [ ] organize and improve tags of nix packages
- [ ] migrate to using nix packages as much as possible
- [ ] fix qtile floating space - https://gitlab.com/dwt1/dotfiles/-/issues/26
- [ ] add more personal github repos to dev setup 
    - [ ] hue controller backend
    - [ ] hue controller frontend
- [ ] [set up printer](https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/359531/installing-hp-printer-driver-for-arch-linux)
  - [ ] [sane](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/SANE) for scanning
  - [ ] hp-plugin
- [ ] set upstreem for github projects
- [ ] improve tagging scheme
- [ ] fix linter warnings

## Done 

- [x] blueman-applet - https://www.how2shout.com/linux/how-to-install-blueman-on-linux-mint-or-ubuntu-20-04/
- [x] multiple monitors
- [x] radiotray-ng
- [x] install gtk theme - https://draculatheme.com/gtk -- activation doesn't always work, so use the lxappearance gui
- [x] add volumeicon and i3 install for Arch
- [x] add trash-cli install for Arch
- [x] notifications
- [ ] install dmscript dependencies
  - [x] a nerd font
  - [x] alsa
  - [x] arch-wiki-docs - arch specific package
  - [x] awk
  - [x] brave
  - [x] curl
  - [x] dig - `bind` on arch and `dnsutils` on debian
  - [x] docker
  - [x] ffmpeg
  - [x] imv
  - [x] ip
  - [x] jq
  - [x] maim
  - [x] mpc
  - [x] mpd
  - [x] mpv
  - [x] nmcli - installed in network manager setup
  - [x] notify-send
  - [x] pulseaudio - comes standard on Ubuntu
  - [x] python3
  - [x] qutebrowser
  - [ ] [reddio](https://gitlab.com/aaronNG/reddio/) - compile and install from source for ubuntu
  - [x] slock
  - [x] slop (for recording a specific area)
  - [x] systemd
  - [x] tee
  - [x] tmux
  - [x] udisks2
  - [x] xargs - installed by default
  - [x] xclip
  - [x] xdotool
  - [x] xrandr - x11-xserver-utils - arch -- xorg-xrandr
  - [x] xwallpaper or swaybg
  - [x] yad
  - [x] youtube-dl
- [x] install shell scripts
  - [x] docker kill
  - [x] tmux-sessionizer
  - [x] tmux-cht.sh
- [x] install apps
  - [x] libreoffice
  - [ ] etcher - not working on debian
    - [ ] [ubuntu](https://www.linuxfordevices.com/tutorials/ubuntu/install-etcher-on-ubuntu)
    - [x] arch - `paru -S etcher-bin`
  - [x] beekeeper
  - [x] discord
  - [x] zoom
  - [x] docker
  - [x] thunderbird
  - [x] audacity
  - [x] obs
  - [x] hueadm tool
  - [x] kdenlive
- [x] setup debuggers
  - [x] go 
  - [x] js 
- [x] setup LSPs
  - [x] ansible
  - [x] MongoDB  -- none exists!
- [x] install fonts
  - [x] Fira Code
  - [x] Hack
  - [x] Fantasque
  - [x] Emoji font
  - [x] update dmenu fonts
  - [x] update dmscripts fonts
  - [x] update qtile fonts
  - [x] update alacritty fonts
  - [x] [Terminess](<https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts/raw/master/patched-fonts/Terminus/terminus-ttf-4.40.1/Regular/complete/Terminess%20(TTF)%20Nerd%20Font%20Complete.ttf>)
  - [x] [Space Mono](https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts/raw/master/patched-fonts/SpaceMono/Regular/complete/Space%20Mono%20Nerd%20Font%20Complete.ttf)
  - [x] [Sauce Code Pro Nerd](https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts/raw/master/patched-fonts/SourceCodePro/Regular/complete/Sauce%20Code%20Pro%20Nerd%20Font%20Complete%20Mono.ttf)
  - [x] [InconsolataGo](https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts/raw/master/patched-fonts/InconsolataGo/Regular/complete/InconsolataGo%20Nerd%20Font%20Complete.ttf)
- [x] set up systemd timers 祥
- [x] install apps
  - [x] alacritty
  - [x] Network Manager ﯱ
  - [x] nm-applet 
  - [x] lazygit 
  - [x] openvpn support 
  - [x] ranger
    - [x] image previews
  - [x] slack
  - [x] flameshot
  - [x] brave
  - [x] start and enable service 
- [x] set up system sounds folder
- [x] create {{home}}/dev folder if it doesn't exist
- [x] create {{home}}/notes folder if it doesn't exist
- [x] setup qtile widget dependencies
  - [x] Net widget
  - [x] Thermal Sensor widget
  - [x] Update widget
  - [x] Memory widget
  - [x] Sound widget
  - [x] system tray widget
  - [x] battery widget
  - [x] acpi
- [x] set up mpd
- [x] set up mpc
- [x] setup systray items
  - [x] notify-send 
  - [x] notification daemon 
  - [x] blueman 
  - [x] radio app 鷺
- [x] install bold and italics of all fonts in ./tasks/fonts-setup.yml
- [x] add note repos to notes folder
  - [x] brag repo
  - [x] BUMCNotes
  - [x] system sounds

Commit message:

installs ranger through nix-env; switches to mpv image previews

TODO.md, after:

# To Do

- [ ] organize and improve tags of nix packages
- [ ] investigate switching to a terminal that supports some image protocol
    - update image previews
- [ ] migrate to using nix packages as much as possible
- [ ] fix qtile floating space - https://gitlab.com/dwt1/dotfiles/-/issues/26
- [ ] add more personal github repos to dev setup 
    - [ ] hue controller backend
    - [ ] hue controller frontend
- [ ] [set up printer](https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/359531/installing-hp-printer-driver-for-arch-linux)
  - [ ] [sane](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/SANE) for scanning
  - [ ] hp-plugin
- [ ] set upstreem for github projects
- [ ] improve tagging scheme
- [ ] fix linter warnings

## Done 

- [x] blueman-applet - https://www.how2shout.com/linux/how-to-install-blueman-on-linux-mint-or-ubuntu-20-04/
- [x] multiple monitors
- [x] radiotray-ng
- [x] install gtk theme - https://draculatheme.com/gtk -- activation doesn't always work, so use the lxappearance gui
- [x] add volumeicon and i3 install for Arch
- [x] add trash-cli install for Arch
- [x] notifications
- [ ] install dmscript dependencies
  - [x] a nerd font
  - [x] alsa
  - [x] arch-wiki-docs - arch specific package
  - [x] awk
  - [x] brave
  - [x] curl
  - [x] dig - `bind` on arch and `dnsutils` on debian
  - [x] docker
  - [x] ffmpeg
  - [x] imv
  - [x] ip
  - [x] jq
  - [x] maim
  - [x] mpc
  - [x] mpd
  - [x] mpv
  - [x] nmcli - installed in network manager setup
  - [x] notify-send
  - [x] pulseaudio - comes standard on Ubuntu
  - [x] python3
  - [x] qutebrowser
  - [ ] [reddio](https://gitlab.com/aaronNG/reddio/) - compile and install from source for ubuntu
  - [x] slock
  - [x] slop (for recording a specific area)
  - [x] systemd
  - [x] tee
  - [x] tmux
  - [x] udisks2
  - [x] xargs - installed by default
  - [x] xclip
  - [x] xdotool
  - [x] xrandr - x11-xserver-utils - arch -- xorg-xrandr
  - [x] xwallpaper or swaybg
  - [x] yad
  - [x] youtube-dl
- [x] install shell scripts
  - [x] docker kill
  - [x] tmux-sessionizer
  - [x] tmux-cht.sh
- [x] install apps
  - [x] libreoffice
  - [ ] etcher - not working on debian
    - [ ] [ubuntu](https://www.linuxfordevices.com/tutorials/ubuntu/install-etcher-on-ubuntu)
    - [x] arch - `paru -S etcher-bin`
  - [x] beekeeper
  - [x] discord
  - [x] zoom
  - [x] docker
  - [x] thunderbird
  - [x] audacity
  - [x] obs
  - [x] hueadm tool
  - [x] kdenlive
- [x] setup debuggers
  - [x] go 
  - [x] js 
- [x] setup LSPs
  - [x] ansible
  - [x] MongoDB  -- none exists!
- [x] install fonts
  - [x] Fira Code
  - [x] Hack
  - [x] Fantasque
  - [x] Emoji font
  - [x] update dmenu fonts
  - [x] update dmscripts fonts
  - [x] update qtile fonts
  - [x] update alacritty fonts
  - [x] [Terminess](<https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts/raw/master/patched-fonts/Terminus/terminus-ttf-4.40.1/Regular/complete/Terminess%20(TTF)%20Nerd%20Font%20Complete.ttf>)
  - [x] [Space Mono](https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts/raw/master/patched-fonts/SpaceMono/Regular/complete/Space%20Mono%20Nerd%20Font%20Complete.ttf)
  - [x] [Sauce Code Pro Nerd](https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts/raw/master/patched-fonts/SourceCodePro/Regular/complete/Sauce%20Code%20Pro%20Nerd%20Font%20Complete%20Mono.ttf)
  - [x] [InconsolataGo](https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts/raw/master/patched-fonts/InconsolataGo/Regular/complete/InconsolataGo%20Nerd%20Font%20Complete.ttf)
- [x] set up systemd timers 祥
- [x] install apps
  - [x] alacritty
  - [x] Network Manager ﯱ
  - [x] nm-applet 
  - [x] lazygit 
  - [x] openvpn support 
  - [x] ranger
    - [x] image previews
  - [x] slack
  - [x] flameshot
  - [x] brave
  - [x] start and enable service 
- [x] set up system sounds folder
- [x] create {{home}}/dev folder if it doesn't exist
- [x] create {{home}}/notes folder if it doesn't exist
- [x] setup qtile widget dependencies
  - [x] Net widget
  - [x] Thermal Sensor widget
  - [x] Update widget
  - [x] Memory widget
  - [x] Sound widget
  - [x] system tray widget
  - [x] battery widget
  - [x] acpi
- [x] set up mpd
- [x] set up mpc
- [x] setup systray items
  - [x] notify-send 
  - [x] notification daemon 
  - [x] blueman 
  - [x] radio app 鷺
- [x] install bold and italics of all fonts in ./tasks/fonts-setup.yml
- [x] add note repos to notes folder
  - [x] brag repo
  - [x] BUMCNotes
  - [x] system sounds
